alright let's show the locals they don't
need to fear
keep your intervals wide your eyes open
and your ass is covered let's move
sounds like a plan count on me
raiders wrong
sounds like a plan
Raiders rope count on me commander
destroying the Dominion Hollywood's will
help incite rebellion against the
Dominion body tired see it makes face
blasted sounds like plan Raiders role
where is everyone sounds like a plan
time to man up my peepers this is
starting to look ugly commander a large
Dominion forces gathering in the center
of town
you
give him some pepper that's Rainer the
Dominion sure sounds like a plan time to
mana Raiders roll
sounds like a plan
top
there's the locals you'll all be given a
meal when you reach the dig site my
brother went off to the mine last week
he disappeared
we got a runner the civilians boom
you can count on me
Oh
thank you there's more people still
being held up ahead I'll see you there
Marshall Raider in a while since we saw
you around here what are wikia Raiders
sounds like plan this is a restricted
area which surgeons under arrest we got
your battery
I didn't think we could fight them we
can now you've got the weapons and the
resources to do it Thanks can control
you